Bugfix/2361 euilink disabled (#2423)
elastic/eui: CHANGELOG.md

**Bug fixes**

- Fixed missing misc. button and link type definition exports ([#2434](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/2434))

> - Changed `EuiLink` to appear uninteractive when given the disabled prop and an onClick handler ([#2423](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/2423))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed `EuiLink` to appear non interactive when passed the `disabled` prop and an `onClick` handler ([#2423](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/2423))
```

Reviewer: Also this shouldn't be under the bug fixes heading as it's actually an addition to the component.

- Added `component` prop to `EuiPageBody`, switching the default from `div` to `main` ([#2410](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/2410))
- Added focus state to `EuiListGroupItem` ([#2406](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/2406))
- Added `keyboardShorcut` glyph to 'EuiIcon ([#2413](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/2413))

> - Fixed `EuiLink` to appear uninteractive when given the disabled prop and an onClick handler ([#2423](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/2423))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Changed `EuiLink` to appear uninteractive when given the disabled prop and an onClick handler ([#2423](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/2423))
```

Also, move this to the 'master' section of the changelog
(our notes process isn't automated just yet, so sometimes releases disorder the entries)

- Improved a11y in `EuiNavDrawer` ([#2417](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/2417))
- Improved a11y in `EuiSuperDatePicker` ([#2426](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/2426))

> 

Reviewer: Unintended extra space added here.

Author: Resolved. Thanks for all your suggestions!
